	=== RAT RIDER DOMINIQUE ===





Gameplay:

Over the course of the game, Dominique chases after the kidnappers of his younger brother Vink.
He travels through a randomly generated terrain map with objects and enemies along the way.
Whenever he encounters an object, a certain action sequence is triggered.
Whenever he encounters an enemy, a battle sequence occurs.

Occasionally he encounters bosses, defeating whom allows him to progress through the story.
Currently, when he beats the final boss, the game ends.

Battle system:

RRD's battle system is called PTB - precision timing battle.
Battle flow is illustrated by an initiative gauge near a participant's icon.
Participant's actions are reflected on the gauge along with guard up and guard down periods.
Moments of impact are also indicated on the gauge.
Depending on the skill used, an initiative gauge changes, prompting different guard periods and impact moments to appear.
Different types of impacts may have special effects like delaying enemy's IG or stunning it, thus modifying his initiative gauge with a period of guard down and inactivity.
Different skills have different cooldowns (periods of inactivity after using them) and stamina costs.
Different enemies have different patterns on their IG and the way their IG behaves.

Every battler has the following attributes:

HP: the amount of punishment it may take.
SP: stamina points, the amount of effort it can make in battle.
Attack: the strength of its attacks.
Defense: the ability to negate damage from enemy attacks. Periods of guard up and guard down influence this attribute.

Dominique's skills:

Attack: 100% attack power impact in the middle of a medium-sized guard down period. Medium-sized cooldown. 10 SP
Defend: a medium-sized guard up period. Medium-sized cooldown. 5 SP
Charge: 150% attack power impact in the right side of a large guard down period. Large-sized cooldown. 15 SP. Unlocks at level 3.
Jab: 50% attack power impact in the middle of a small guard down period. Small cooldown. 8 SP. Unlocks at level 4.
Counterattack: a medium-sized guard up period followed by a 75% attack power impact followed by a small guard down period. 15 SP. Unlocks at level 5.
Guarded strike: a medium-sized guard down period followed by a 100% attack power impact followed by a large guard up period. 18 SP. Unlocks at level 7.
Rat Rider's Dance: three 80% attack power impacts surrounded with small guard up, guard down, guard down, guard up periods. 25 SP. Unlocks at level 9.
Ace of Spades: 500% attack power impact in the right side of a huge guard down period. 40 SP. Unlocks at level 12.